In this situation, I can't tell
if you truly have the power of
the Byakugan or not.
Therefore, let's test it.
Come on outside.
Huh!?
I shall personally
be your opponent!
What's going on? What are
you planning to do, Grandpa?
If your Byakugan truly has
awakened, then it will appear
naturally in the midst of
fighting.
Even if you aren't able to
manifest it at will yet,
neither Hanabi nor I will miss
its signs.
In any event, it'll all become
clear if you fight in earnest.
[gasp]
Are you giving up?
Oh, c'mon, father, I understand
that you want to show off in
front of your grandson...
...but it'll all be for nothing
if you throw your back out!
And besides, I know that
there's no way you'll go
easy on him.
Which means Boruto'll
end up hating you!
[sigh]
All right, then I'll
leave it to you.
Well, Boruto? What'll it be?
[gasp]
The choice is up to you...
Are we going to test your eye
out or not?
[sigh]
Yes, please...
Big Sis Hanabi.
Trust me, I'm gonna prove to
everyone that this eye of mine
is special, ya know!
♪♪
[attack grunt]
[grunt]
Do you think that Big
Brother's gonna be okay?
Yeah, he'll be fine.
He's just having to try a
little harder than usual at
training.
Tell me the truth: you've been
slacking off in training at
home, haven't you?
No way!
[chuckle] From here on,
it's gonna get serious!
Oh? All right, then come on!
Show me what you've got!
Let's do this!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[grunts]
Humph!
[attack grunts]
Huh?
[grunt]
The Byakugan is able to see
through virtually any
possible obstacle
It has almost no blind spots.
You know that, don't you?
I'm not saying I disapprove of
your fighting style, but.
[clone groaning]
Are you really taking
this seriously?
[groan]
Yes, it's a good eye. But you
have to discipline it more!
[gasp]
(Toneri)
And with that eye, you will
shoulder the fate of this world.
[gasp]
(thinking)
I am...
What do you want to do, Boruto?
One more time. Okay, Big Sis?
Very well...
Yes, that's it!
Watch closely!
[grunt]
[attack cry]
[grunts]
[grunt]
[attack yell]
Eight Trigrams Palm Rotation!
[panting]
[gasp]
(Hanabi)
Well?
Did you notice anything?
(Hanabi)
So you have your answer.
There's no evidence that the
Byakugan has manifested...
...Sorry. Oh... but, uh...
even if it didn't manifest this
time, that doesn't mean it won't
manifest at some other time!
And, it could just be that
something wasn't quite
right. Besides‐
The bottom line is... it
didn't happen, ya know.
I'll get proof that my
Byakugan's real, and I'll make
my dad eat his words.
Well, I can't help it
if it didn't appear.
Anyway, my clothes are all dirty
now, so I guess I'll go take a
bath.
I'm sure Boruto's exhausted.
I think all of you should
spend the night here.
[chuckle]
(Hanabi)
How is it, Hima? Good?
Yeah! It's yummy!
Here, have a little more.
Oh, thanks, that sounds good.
So? How do you like
my home cooking?
Oh, it's, uh... It's
good. I like it.
Really? Well then, why
don't you eat some more!
Here! This is my specialty,
meat and potatoes!
Come on, eat up!
[groan]
But... I gotta say
that Mom's is way better.
What!? You did not
just say that!
How mean, comparing
me to Elder Sister!
You just wait, Boruto!
Come on, Hima, let's do this!
It's time to get
your big brother!
Okay!
(Boruto)
Wait, two against
one?! That's not fair!
(Hanabi)
Too bad!
You guys, hold on,
we're not done‐‐!
(Hiashi)
Don't mind them.
Today's a special day.
Being so formal
doesn't suit you.
C'mon relax. It's
just the two of us.
[laugh]
Well, then? Your thoughts?
After all, the
Byakugan didn't manifest.
...Are you disappointed
in your son?
No. At the very least I
know he didn't lie to me.
(Hiashi) Oh?
When Boruto told me that he'd
awakened the Byakugan,
honestly, I didn't believe him
at all.
I thought he was making it up
just another way for him to try
to get my attention.
I'd imagine almost every child
goes through a phase like that.
That's true.
I don't know how to put this,
but, things come too easily
for Boruto.
...he's inclined to
take short cuts.
Oh, really? Are you criticizing
my grandson, is that it?
[chuckle] But... it was
different today.
If he were just lying about his
eye, he wouldn't have tried so
hard.
It's been quite a while since
I've seen him like that...
That's why... I know that he's
been telling the truth.
Yes, I believe he is, too.
But then... what is the power
that Boruto's talking about?
All we really know now is that
it wasn't the Byakugan.
[sigh] I really don't know.
I'll just have to keep an eye
on him and see what happens.
I can only hope that it doesn't
turn out to be something bad...
It'll be ok. He's my
grandson, after all.
You're right. And
he's also my son.
Yes, that's the part
that worries me.
[laughing]
By the way, Naruto. With
regards to the Byakugan, how
has Himawari been doing?
Well, she hasn't actually
manifested it since that
one time.
Hm...
I still can't believe that she
manifested it at her age.
Although then again, it's
not as if it's completely
unprecedented.
If anything happens,
just bring her here.
I will. Thank you very
much for that.
But whether we're talking about
Himawari or about Boruto.
children always seem to find
a way of surprising us.
They do.
Please excuse me. I
still have some work to do.
I'm actually rather concerned
about you, as well.
Oh, I'm all right. I'm
just following through
with my Ninja Way.
[proud chuckle] A parent
and his children.
(Thinking)
Was that... really just a dream?
(Hanabi)
Can't sleep, huh, Boruto?
Big Sis...
I'm sorry, Big Sis.
You took all that time and
energy to test me, but.
It's okay.
Aw, man. Dad probably thought I
was just lying about it, too!
'Course after what happened...
I can't blame him if he doesn't
believe me...
You must be disappointed
in me too, huh?
Since I'm nothing
but talk, ya know?
(Hanabi)
Listen, never mind
about all of that stuff.
Hm?
(Hanabi)
Are you hiding something
from Lord Seventh?
[gasp] [sigh]
I'd say that's a "bingo!"
I don't get it! How
can you tell that?!
Because the Byakugan can see
right through everything.
You liar! I know it doesn't
have the power to do something
like that!
Sorry. I was just
kidding. Relax!
Although, sparring does reveal
things. And that's the truth.
Like letting me see
how serious you were.
Because of that, I'm absolutely
certain that something big
must've happened for you to
claim you'd awakened
the Byakugan.
Big Sis...
Now... I don't know what my
father or Lord Seventh
might've thought about this...
Yea that's.
...but you have to take
care of this yourself.
And if you run into any
problems on the way then don't
hesitate to come and see me.
I have to take care of this
myself, huh?
(Thinking)
What I felt then, If I could
only grab hold of it...
[struggling grunts]
[exasperated sigh]
I guess that I should've eaten
more of those meat and
potatoes...
If I want to test something out
and if I want people to believe
me.
...then there's only
one thing I can do!
Uh... But if that's true, then
what is it that I'm supposed to
do, Kagemasa?
What were you just
doing, Boruto?
[gasp] Sarada!
I could ask you the
exact same thing!
I'm on my way home from
night training now.
And I'm going to report
in to Sensei on the way.
Hm. I guess honor
students have it tough.
So are you a fan
of Kagemasa, too?
Everyone's crazy about him...
No, I'm not like that...
Really? You seemed pretty
interested in this poster.
It's too bad, huh? The rumor
that's going around is that
they're not going to make the
sequel anymore.
What?! Are you serious? Why?!
Well... I'm not entirely
sure about it, but.
I heard that the actor who
plays Kagemasa's under a
lot of stress and...
[gasp]
(Thinking)
I can see it!
What? What's wrong?
H‐Hey!
All right...
What are you doing now?!
There's a shadow hovering
around that guy!
I gotta do something!
A shadow?! What
does that mean?!
[gasp] Just trust
me! I can see it!
Boruto, wait!
(Voice)
Oh, are you one of my fans?
You must be, since you keep
on following me.
Yes! I can see it! This is.
(Voice)
The wind carries the cries
of the weak.
Meanwhile, my eye throbs,
imploring me to protect the
powerless.
No way! You're Kagemasa?!
[chuckle]
You gotta be kidding.
That's impossible.
You too, huh? So you think it's
funny that I'm Kagemasa, do you?
Damn right I do! The Kagemasa I
know isn't all out of shape
like you are!
Uh, I mean, he isn't right...?
[angry grunt]
You're like all the others!
[grunts]
All right, I'm gonna turn you
into barbequed chicken now!
Yeah. Actually... Maybe I'll
have that for dinner...
Because chicken is lean
and low in calories!
Okay, seriously, what
happened to you, anyway?!
Kagemasa would never do
something like this!
And uh... you could
stand to work out...
It'll be fine! I'm in complete
control! You'll see! I'll show
them!
I'll do what I want today and
just get back on track tomorrow!
[gasp] What!?
Uh, what you're saying and what
you're doing are completely
different!
You keep on saying the same
things that all of the others
said to me...
Just because I might have gotten
a little outta shape, they
cancelled the next "Kagemasa"
movie...
I told them I'd be in shape by
the time filming began.
So why won't any of
them believe me?!
Please believe me!
I can control myself!
I'm a professional!
[grunt]
Come on!
[grunts] No, I'm stuck!
Now my barbequed
chicken's ready!
[gasp]
Stupid Boruto! Get
ahold of yourself!
Sarada!
Another one of my fans
showed up, huh?
Who is this guy?
Look closley! He may seem
different, but that's
Kagemasa, ya know!
He's who!?
I'm Evil Jammer Kagemasa.
Uh, you don't seem like him‐‐‐
I said I'll get back on track!
[attack yell]
Sarada!
[grunt]
They ran away, huh.
So uncool.
Really? That's how you
thank me for saving you?
Anyway, what's going on?!
How did this even happen?
Like I told you. He's
possessed by this weird shadow.
And that's the thing that's been
making him act all crazy.
You mean you were being
serious about all that?
[groan]
Don't you think it's better if
we just let the grown‐ups deal
with stuff like this?
Is it really something
you have to handle?
I'm the only one who
can see the shadow.
And that's why it has to
be me who stops this guy!
I have to!
Well, whatever you're planning
just make sure you don't fail.
[gasp] You mean that you believe
me about the shadow?
Look, I don't know anything
about any shadow,
but I do know that
you aren't a liar.
Thanks, Sarada!
But I still think that
you're an idiot.
[gasp]
Anyway, don't let
your guard down!
From what I've seen,
this guy seems super strong.
I'll do my best, ya know!
Damn it, where did those
brats run off to?
So you're not gonna get
fit, after all, huh?!
That was my last bag!
I will get fit!
Here he comes!
That's nothing! I can
handle that easily!
How weak!
Yes! I gotcha!
[chuckle]
Huh? What are you
laughing about?!
I gotta thank you, Kagemasa.
It was because of watching you
that I figured out what I'm
supposed to do.
Huh?
You said it yourself. If you
want someone to trust in
what you're trying to do,
Yes! Believe me, I can do
it! I can get fit and‐!
[grunt]
[gasp]
Just kidding!
Don't underestimate Kagemasa!
(Boruto)
Kagemasa would say this...
What?
Prove your words with
your actions!
[grunts]
Saying those words while eating
junk food isn't very convincing,
ya know!
If you want people to believe
you, then stop walking around
carrying chocolates!
You know, maybe I can
be Kagemasa the Second!
Yeah, no.
Sarada...
So, um. About that shadow
I mentioned earlier&
Listen, I still have to go and
report to Sensei tonight.
See ya, Dummy‐Masa the Second.
(Newscaster)
Next up, Kagemasa!
Despite rumors that the popular
movie series was being cancelled
due to the lead actor's
struggles with his weight,
the film has recently
resumed production.
Okay, I'm taking off!
Big Brother! Wait,
you forgot this!
Oh, thanks...
But I don't think
that I'm gonna need that
old thing anymore.
You can have it, Himawari!
You don't want it?
Nah.
Ooo...
So in the end, you still didn't
find out anything about that
eye of yours?
No, nothing.
But then why aren't you upset?
I thought for sure that you'd be
angry you weren't able to show
up your dad.
And aren't you disappointed
that it's not the Byakugan?
To be completely honest, I don't
really care if it's the Byakugan
or not.
I've just gotta prove that
it's special , ya know?!
To you guys and to
my dad, too...
I mean, I won't just say it, I'm
gonna prove my words with my
actions, ya know!
Oh? Well, I guess that'll
make all this easier.
All right! I'll show you guys!
So how about we start
after class today.
♪♪
(Boruto)
This eye of mine is
the star of hope!
There's no way I'm gonna let
that ghost get away from me!
(Mitsuki)
We've been on the
lookout all day,
so shouldn't we have at
least spotted the ghost
once by now?
(Shikadai)
What's all this "ghost" stuff
you've been talking about?
(Boruto)
It's something I came up with.
It's my name for that weird
shadow!
(Boruto)
Wow, Boruto! So brilliant
and creative!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Ghost
Incident: The Investigation
Begins!"
(Shikadai)
I'd hardly call that name
brilliant or creative...
♪♪